:truck: update: Add 119th CatchUp Summary (#138)
OurTechCommunity/catchup: summary/sessions/119/content.adoc

Date: 18-02-2023

Duration: 3 hrs 30 mins

==== Topics Discussed

* Saifuddin Saifee asked link:https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/12827017[Ambient Mode in YouTube^] works on the backend.

>     ** Most of us presumed the feature would be handled on the fly, on the client side — by picking up a few primary colours from the video.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ** Most of us presumed that the feature would be handled on the fly, on the client side — by picking up a few primary colors from the video.
```

    ** However, Ramyak said colours are pre-processed alongside other metadata when a video is being uploaded. 
* We held our second edition of link:https://talks.ourtech.community[OTC Talks^] session with link:https://twitter.com/omtalk[Omkar Khair^] giving a talk on 'Internals of an Email Relay'. 
    ** Find Abstract and other relevant links — link:https://talks.ourtech.community/2[OTC Talks #2^]
    ** The talk covered interesting ideas about Email Relay, Email Meta Data, Signing Keys, Zero Ops approach, and the total cost of building one.
    ** Omkar also demonstrated the application link:https://dopemin.com[Dopemin - Firewall for your Email^] — that he along with 8 users (friends and family) have been using seamlessly, for the past three years.

>     ** The project was implemented using AWS Lambda Validate, Firebase Functions and the interface was built using Vue.js. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ** The project was implemented using AWS Lambda Validate, Firebase Functions, and the interface was built using link:https://vuejs.org[Vue.js^]. 
```

    ** We discussed interesting problems around it like how scaling such applications is not a problem, but abuse of such services becomes a problem. 
    ** Relevant Links
        *** link:https://vadosware.io/post/its-never-been-easier-or-harder-to-self-host-email[Self-Hosted email is the hardest it's ever been, but also the easiest.^]
        *** link:https://cfenollosa.com/blog/after-self-hosting-my-email-for-twenty-three-years-i-have-thrown-in-the-towel-the-oligopoly-has-won.html[After self-hosting my email for twenty-three years I have thrown in the towel. The oligopoly has won.^]
        *** link:https://explained-from-first-principles.com/email[Email - explained from first principles^]

> * Harsh Kapadia asked why people use Public and Private Keys and what the usage is. link:https://alexcabal.com/alex-cabal-gpg-public-key.asc[Example of a GPG Public Key^].

Reviewer 2: Where? TLS? SSH?
